Draft of the release notes (#51909)
rails/rails: guides/source/7_2_release_notes.md

  # Allow only browsers natively supporting webp images, web push, badges, import maps, CSS nesting + :has
  allow_browser versions: :modern
end

class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  # All versions of Chrome and Opera will be allowed, but no versions of "internet explorer" (ie). Safari needs to be 16.4+ and Firefox 121+.
  allow_browser versions: { safari: 16.4, firefox: 121, ie: false }
end

class MessagesController < ApplicationController
  # In addition to the browsers blocked by ApplicationController, also block Opera below 104 and Chrome below 119 for the show action.
  allow_browser versions: { opera: 104, chrome: 119 }, only: :show
end
```

For more information, see the [allow_browser](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/AllowBrowser/ClassMethods.html#method-i-allow_browser)
documentation.

### Make Ruby 3.1 the new minimum version

Until now, Rails only droped compatibility with older Rubies on new majors version.
We are changing this policy because it causes us to keep compatibility with long
unsupported versions of Ruby or to bump the Rails major version more often, and to
drop multiple Ruby versions at once when we bump the major.

> Now we are going to drop Ruby versions on minor versions, following the recommendation
> from th Ruby team at the time of the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will now drop Ruby versions that are end-of-life on minor Rails versions at the time of the release.
```

Maybe we could clarify that we'll drop all EOL rubies when releasing a new minor? Would be more clear I think.

### Add omakase RuboCop rules by default

Rails applications now come with [RuboCop](https://rubocop.org/) configured with a set of rules from [rubocop-rails-omakase](https://github.com/rails/rubocop-rails-omakase) by default.

Ruby is a beautifully expressive language that not only tolerates many different dialects, but celebrates their
diversity. It was never meant as a language to be written exclusively in a single style across all libraries,
frameworks, or applications. If you or your team has developed a particular house style that brings you joy,
you should cherish that.

This collection of Rubocop styles is for those who haven't committed to any specific dialect already. Who would just
like to have a reasonable starting point, and who will benefit from some default rules to at least start a consistent
approach to Ruby styling.

These specific rules aren't right or wrong, but merely represent the idiosyncratic aesthetic sensibilities of Rails'
creator. Use them whole, use them as a starting point, use them as inspiration, or however you see fit.

### Add GitHub CI workflow by default to new applications

> Rails now adds a default GitHub CI workflow file to new applications. This will get especially newcomers off to a good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rails now adds a default GitHub Actions CI workflow file to new applications. This will get especially newcomers off to a good
```

start with automated scanning, linting, and testing. We find that a natural continuation for the modern age of what
we've done since the start with unit tests.

It's of course true that GitHub Actions are a commercial cloud product for private repositories after you've used the

> free tokens. But given the relationship with GitHub and Rails, the overwhelming default nature of the platform for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
free tokens. But given the relationship between GitHub and Rails, the overwhelming default nature of the platform for
```

?

newcomers, and the value of teaching newcomers good CI habits, We find this to be an acceptable trade-off.

### Add Brakeman by default to new apps

[Brakeman](https://brakemanscanner.org/) is a great way to prevent common security vulnerabilities in Rails from going
into production.

New application come with Brakeman installed and combined with the GitHub CI workflow, it will run automatically on
every push.

### Set a new default for the Puma thread count

Rails changed the default number of threads in Puma from 5 to 3.

Due to the nature of well optimized Rails applications, with quick SQL queries and slow 3rd party calls running via jobs,

> Ruby spends most of its time waiting for the Global VM Lock (GVL) to release when the thread count is too high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ruby can spend a significant amount of time waiting for the Global VM Lock (GVL) to release when the thread count is too high, which is hurting latency (request response time).
```

I wouldn't go as far as to say "most".

Major Features
--------------

### Development Containers configuration for applications

A [development container](https://containers.dev/) (or dev container for short) allows you to use a container
as a full-featured development environment.

Rails 7.2 adds the ability to generate a development container configuration for your application. This configuration

> includes a `.devcontainer` folder with a `Dockerfile`, a `docker-compose.yml` file, and, a `devcontainer.json` file.

Reviewer 2: > a `docker-compose.yml` file, and, a `devcontainer.json` file.

The last comma doesn't look correct :thinking:

By default the dev container contains the following:

* A redis container for use with Kredis, Action Cable etc.
* A database (SQLite, Postgres, MySQL or MariaDB)
* A Headless chrome container for system tests
* Active Storage configured to use the local disk and with preview features working

To generate a new application with a development container, you can run:

```bash
rails new myapp --devcontainer
```

For existing applications, a `devcontainer` command is now available:

```bash
rails devcontainer
```

For more information, see the [Getting Started with Dev Containers](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started_with_devcontainer.html) guide.

### Add browser version guard by default

Rails now adds the ability to specify the browser versions that will be allowed to access all actions
(or some, as limited by `only:` or `except:`).

Only browsers matched in the hash or named set passed to `versions:` will be blocked if they're below the versions
specified.

> This means that all other browsers, as well as agents that aren't reporting a user-agent header, will be allowed access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that all other unknown browsers, as well as agents that aren't reporting a user-agent header, will be allowed access.
```

I had to read this twice to understand that this sentence is actually correct in relation to the one above.

end

class MessagesController < ApplicationController
  # In addition to the browsers blocked by ApplicationController, also block Opera below 104 and Chrome below 119 for the show action.
  allow_browser versions: { opera: 104, chrome: 119 }, only: :show
end
```

For more information, see the [allow_browser](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/AllowBrowser/ClassMethods.html#method-i-allow_browser)
documentation.

### Make Ruby 3.1 the new minimum version

Until now, Rails only droped compatibility with older Rubies on new majors version.
We are changing this policy because it causes us to keep compatibility with long
unsupported versions of Ruby or to bump the Rails major version more often, and to
drop multiple Ruby versions at once when we bump the major.

Now we are going to drop Ruby versions on minor versions, following the recommendation
from th Ruby team at the time of the release.

For Rails 7.2, Ruby 3.1 is the new minimum version.

### Default Progressive Web Application (PWA) files

In preparation to better support creating PWA applications with Rails, we now generate default PWA files for manifest

> nd service-worker that are served from `app/views/pwa` and can be dynamically rendered through ERB. Those files

Reviewer 2: Somethings not right here

creator. Use them whole, use them as a starting point, use them as inspiration, or however you see fit.

### Add GitHub CI workflow by default to new applications

Rails now adds a default GitHub CI workflow file to new applications. This will get especially newcomers off to a good
start with automated scanning, linting, and testing. We find that a natural continuation for the modern age of what
we've done since the start with unit tests.

It's of course true that GitHub Actions are a commercial cloud product for private repositories after you've used the
free tokens. But given the relationship with GitHub and Rails, the overwhelming default nature of the platform for
newcomers, and the value of teaching newcomers good CI habits, We find this to be an acceptable trade-off.

### Add Brakeman by default to new apps

[Brakeman](https://brakemanscanner.org/) is a great way to prevent common security vulnerabilities in Rails from going
into production.

New application come with Brakeman installed and combined with the GitHub CI workflow, it will run automatically on
every push.

> ### Set a new default for the Puma thread count

Reviewer: I think it would make sense yes.

> New application come with Brakeman installed and combined with the GitHub CI workflow, it will run automatically on

Reviewer 3: Nit: "New application" -> "New applications"

Rails changed the default number of threads in Puma from 5 to 3.

> Due to the nature of well optimized Rails applications, with quick SQL queries andslow 3rd party calls running via jobs,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to the nature of well optimized Rails applications, with quick SQL queries and slow 3rd party calls running via jobs,
```

> Ruby spends most of its time waiting for the Global VM Lock (GVL) to release when the thead count is too high.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ruby spends most of its time waiting for the Global VM Lock (GVL) to release when the thread count is too high.
```

After careful consideration, investigation and based on battle tested experience from applications running in
production, we decided that a default of 3 threads is a good balance between concurrency and performance.

> You can follow a very detailed discussion about this change in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can follow a very detailed discussion about this change in
```

> production, we decided that a default of 3 threads is a good balance between concurrency and performance.

Reviewer 3: Would adding guidance on number of workers also make sense here? I've read through the associated issue. IIUC, the number of workers should equal the number of vCPUs, and the number of threads per worker should be between 1 (for well-optimized rails apps) and 3. Is that a fair summary?

Author: That probably should be discussed in the issue. For now number of threads is all we have.

Reviewer: Yeah, that doesn't make sense to include such things in the release notes, it's more for the performance tuning guide.

It's all explained there.

You can follow a very detailed discussion about this change in [the issue](https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/50450).

### Prevent jobs from being scheduled within transactions

A common mistake with Active Job is to enqueue jobs from inside a transaction, causing them to potentially be picked
and ran by another process, before the transaction is committed, which result in various errors.

```ruby
Topic.transaction do
  topic = Topic.create

  NewTopicNotificationJob.perform_later(topic)
end
```

Now Active Job will automatically defer the enqueuing to after the transaction is committed, and drop the job if the
transaction is rolled back.

Various queue implementations can chose to disable this behavior, and users can disable it, or force it on a per job
basis:

```ruby
class NewTopicNotificationJob < ApplicationJob
  self.enqueue_after_transaction_commit = false
end
```

### Per transaction commit and rollback callbacks

> This is now possible due to a new feature that allows to register transaction callbacks outside of a record.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This is now possible due to a new feature that allows registering transaction callbacks outside of a record.
```

> `ActiveRecord::Base.transaction` now yields an `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object, which allows to register callbacks

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`ActiveRecord::Base.transaction` now yields an `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object, which allows registering callbacks
```

on it.

```ruby
Article.transaction do |transaction|
  article.update(published: true)

  transaction.after_commit do
    PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
  end
end
```

`ActiveRecord::Base.current_transaction` was also added to allow to register callbacks on it.

```ruby
Article.current_transaction.after_commit do
  PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
end
```

And finally, `ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit` was added, for code that may run either inside or outside a

> transaction and need to perform works after the state changes have been properly persisted.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
transaction and needs to perform work after the state changes have been properly persisted.
```
